I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Chloe's Puppet Show!
Peppa and her family are visiting
Uncle Pig and Aunty Pig
and Cousin Chloe.
I expect Uncle Pig Will
fall asleep after lunch,
like he always does.
Daddy Pig!
You shouldn't say such things
about your own brother!
Especially in front of
the children.
But it's true!
Uncle Pig always eats too much
lunch and falls asleep,
snoring Ioudly!
Like this.
Err... Peppa, George,
forget What I just said
about Uncle Pig.
Okay, Daddy!
Peppa and her family
have arrived at
Uncle Pig and Aunty Pig's house.
Hello, Aunty Pig and
Uncle Pig!
Hello!
Hello, everyone!
Hello, big brother!
Uncle Pig is
Daddy Pig's brother.
Chloe Pig is Peppa
and George's cousin.
Hello, Chloe!
Hello, Peppa! Hello, George!
I Want to show you something!
Wait for us!
This is my new puppet theater!
My daddy made it for me.
Wow!
Ooo!
I've made two puppets already!
This one is called Chloe!
Hello! I am Chloe Pig.
And this one is my daddy.
Uncle Pig!
Hello, Peppa!
I am Uncle Pig.
Chloe? Can me and George
make puppets, too?
Yes.
Chloe paints
the puppet's eyes.
Can I do the mouth?
Ok.
My name is Peppa!
George? What puppet Would
you like to make?
Dine-Saw!
A dinosaur?
George always says
''dinosaur'' for everything.
Ok, a scary dinosaur puppet.
Chloe is making George
a dinosaur puppet.
It needs pointy teeth.
There! A scary dinosaur.
Grrrrrrrrrr!
Lunch time, everyone!
Coming!
After lunch, We'll
do a puppet show!!
Hurray.
Aunty Pig has made
spaghetti for lunch!
This spaghetti is delicious!
Best spaghetti ever!
You can tell you two
are brothers!
Alike in everyway.
What do you mean?
We are completely different!
Peppa, George and I are going
to do a puppet show!
Fantastic! Call us
When you're ready.
See you later
A puppet show!
That sounds fun.
Have I got time for
some more spaghetti?
Could I have some more, too?
The puppet show is about to begin!
Hello! My name is Chloe.
And I am Peppa!
Grrrrrrrr!
Ahhhh! It's a dinosaur!
A scary dinosaur! Eeek!
Grrrrrrrr!
I say! That's very good!
Bravo!
I am Uncle Pig
Hello, Uncle Pig!
Hello, Peppa!
It looks just like you!
I think they've made
my tummy a bit big.
I did enjoy my lunch!
Uncle Pig? Are you going to fall asleep
and snore like you always do?
What do you mean?
Daddy says you always fall asleep
and snore Ioudly, like this.
Your daddy's right.
I do snore like this.
Oh, Daddy Pig!
You shouldn't have said those
things about Uncle Pig!
I don't think Daddy Pig
or Uncle Pig can hear you!
Daddy Pig and Uncle Pig
have fallen asleep.
You can tell they are brothers!
Eh?! What happened?
Ugh? Has the puppet
show started yet?
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Daddy Gets Fit!
Mummy Pig is Watching
a keep fit program
on television.
Come on, now, that's right.
bend it, stretch it,
bend it, stretch it.
Ahhh!
and one and two
I love Watching television.
and three and four
What's this, Mummy Pig?
and one and two